README.md, before:

# Install Swift 3.0.2 into an Ubuntu 16.04 System

<p align="center">
    <a href="http://perfect.org/get-involved.html" target="_blank">
        <img src="http://perfect.org/assets/github/perfect_github_2_0_0.jpg" alt="Get Involed with Perfect!" width="854" />
    </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/PerfectlySoft/Perfect" target="_blank">
        <img src="http://www.perfect.org/github/Perfect_GH_button_1_Star.jpg" alt="Star Perfect On Github" />
    </a>  
    <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/perfect" target="_blank">
        <img src="http://www.perfect.org/github/perfect_gh_button_2_SO.jpg" alt="Stack Overflow" />
    </a>  
    <a href="https://twitter.com/perfectlysoft" target="_blank">
        <img src="http://www.perfect.org/github/Perfect_GH_button_3_twit.jpg" alt="Follow Perfect on Twitter" />
    </a>  
    <a href="http://perfect.ly" target="_blank">
        <img src="http://www.perfect.org/github/Perfect_GH_button_4_slack.jpg" alt="Join the Perfect Slack" />
    </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://developer.apple.com/swift/" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-3.0-orange.svg?style=flat" alt="Swift 3.0">
    </a>
    <a href="https://developer.apple.com/swift/" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Platforms-OS%20X%20%7C%20Linux%20-lightgray.svg?style=flat" alt="Platforms OS X | Linux">
    </a>
    <a href="http://perfect.org/licensing.html" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache-lightgrey.svg?style=flat" alt="License Apache">
    </a>
    <a href="http://twitter.com/PerfectlySoft" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-@PerfectlySoft-blue.svg?style=flat" alt="PerfectlySoft Twitter">
    </a>
    <a href="http://perfect.ly" target="_blank">
        <img src="http://perfect.ly/badge.svg" alt="Slack Status">
    </a>
</p>

This project includes a script which will install Swift and all major dependencies for Perfect directly into your Ubuntu system.  The account using the script will require administrative privileges.  You can invoke the script by using the following commands:

```
git clone https://github.com/PerfectlySoft/Perfect-Ubuntu.git
cd Perfect-Ubuntu/
chmod +x ./install.sh
sudo ./install.sh --sure
```

Once this has been completed, you can now build. For example:

```
# Optional: execute if you are still in the Perfect-Ubuntu directory!
cd ../ 

# clone a project
git clone https://github.com/PerfectExamples/Perfect-Session-PostgreSQL-Demo.git

# enter the directory
cd Perfect-Session-PostgreSQL-Demo/

# build the project
swift build -c release
```

Once the project has successfully built, you will see the last line is:

```
Linking ./.build/release/Perfect-Session-PostgreSQL-Demo
```

Commit message:

Added note about sqlite3, postgres, mysql, mongodb client libs

README.md, after:

# Install Swift 3.0.2 into an Ubuntu 16.04 System

<p align="center">
    <a href="http://perfect.org/get-involved.html" target="_blank">
        <img src="http://perfect.org/assets/github/perfect_github_2_0_0.jpg" alt="Get Involed with Perfect!" width="854" />
    </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/PerfectlySoft/Perfect" target="_blank">
        <img src="http://www.perfect.org/github/Perfect_GH_button_1_Star.jpg" alt="Star Perfect On Github" />
    </a>  
    <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/perfect" target="_blank">
        <img src="http://www.perfect.org/github/perfect_gh_button_2_SO.jpg" alt="Stack Overflow" />
    </a>  
    <a href="https://twitter.com/perfectlysoft" target="_blank">
        <img src="http://www.perfect.org/github/Perfect_GH_button_3_twit.jpg" alt="Follow Perfect on Twitter" />
    </a>  
    <a href="http://perfect.ly" target="_blank">
        <img src="http://www.perfect.org/github/Perfect_GH_button_4_slack.jpg" alt="Join the Perfect Slack" />
    </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://developer.apple.com/swift/" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-3.0-orange.svg?style=flat" alt="Swift 3.0">
    </a>
    <a href="https://developer.apple.com/swift/" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Platforms-OS%20X%20%7C%20Linux%20-lightgray.svg?style=flat" alt="Platforms OS X | Linux">
    </a>
    <a href="http://perfect.org/licensing.html" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache-lightgrey.svg?style=flat" alt="License Apache">
    </a>
    <a href="http://twitter.com/PerfectlySoft" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-@PerfectlySoft-blue.svg?style=flat" alt="PerfectlySoft Twitter">
    </a>
    <a href="http://perfect.ly" target="_blank">
        <img src="http://perfect.ly/badge.svg" alt="Slack Status">
    </a>
</p>

This project includes a script which will install Swift and all major dependencies for Perfect directly into your Ubuntu system.  The account using the script will require administrative privileges.  You can invoke the script by using the following commands:

```
git clone https://github.com/PerfectlySoft/Perfect-Ubuntu.git
cd Perfect-Ubuntu/
chmod +x ./install.sh
sudo ./install.sh --sure
```

Note that this also includes the client libraries for `sqlite3`, `postgres`, `mysql`, `mongodb` - not the servers.

Once this has been completed, you can now build. For example:

```
# Optional: execute if you are still in the Perfect-Ubuntu directory!
cd ../ 

# clone a project
git clone https://github.com/PerfectExamples/Perfect-Session-PostgreSQL-Demo.git

# enter the directory
cd Perfect-Session-PostgreSQL-Demo/

# build the project
swift build -c release
```

Once the project has successfully built, you will see the last line is:

```
Linking ./.build/release/Perfect-Session-PostgreSQL-Demo
```
